you're live with BBC News I'm Samantha
Simmons the Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu has promised to
destroy Hamas and his Defense Forces
seem set for a major offensive into Gaza
but what are the challenges Israel's
forces will face our defense
correspondent Jonathan Beal has this
assessment this is who Israel's now at
war with Hamas who last week crossed the
border solely focused on taking life
murdering women and children for most it
was in effect a suicide
mission the left side of my head was hit
with shrapnel from an RPG or a grenade
hard to say exactly what got shot in my
finger on my left hand and a bullet got
wedged in the left side of my neck yoav
who grew up in London was among the
first Israeli military casualties of
this war he won't be the last we we've
been asked to hide his identity he says
Israel's fighting an enemy unlike any
conventional Army we have only one
interest which is to to kill Jews there
was no preservation of their ability to
go home afterwards they were going to
die doing whatever they wanted to do and
that meant killing as many people along
the way they died doing
it this is just some of their Arsenal
Israel today displaying to journalist s
weapons they've
seized they say this is just 20% of the
weapons Hamas brought into Israel and it
is just a fraction of what Israeli
forces will face when they go into Gaza
Israel says many of these are built in
factories inside Gaza itself are you
worried about Israeli forces going in
and if they've got factories producing
this I'm not worried the IDF can deal
with everything that stays in that room
and more
but this is only a fraction of what they
have
yeah the tightly packed streets of Gaza
is where Israel could soon be fighting
which Hamas knows best it could be
littered with booby traps and roadside
bombs and their network of hidden
underground
tunnels brutal Urban Warfare can favor
the
defender Hammer still has one bargaining
chip more than 100 Israeli
hostages one Israeli who's helped
negotiate prisoner exchanges in the past
is once again working his Hamas contacts
they're still talking but he's noted a
dramatic change of mood it's a Divine in
the first days they were boasting their
bravery and their heroism and and how
they surprised Israel and in the last
few days the tone is very different the
tone is we're going to fight to the
death we're not afraid of dying
Israel is preparing for a major
offensive but invasions are often easier
to plan than to execute and getting out
harder than going in Jonathan Beal BBC
News Southern
Israel